src/content/getting-started.mdx, before:

# Getting Started

Get Creddy running and issue your first credential in 5 minutes.

## 1. Install the Server

On your server (VPS, homelab, etc.):

```bash
curl -fsSL https://get.creddy.dev/install.sh | sudo sh -s -- --to /usr/local/bin
```

## 2. Start the Daemon

```bash
sudo creddy install --listen 0.0.0.0:8400
```

Creddy is now running as a systemd service on port 8400.

```bash
systemctl status creddy  # Check it's running
```

## 3. Add a Backend

Install the GitHub plugin and configure it:

```bash
sudo creddy plugin install github
```

```bash
creddy backend add github \
  --app-id YOUR_APP_ID \
  --private-key /path/to/private-key.pem \
  --installation-id YOUR_INSTALLATION_ID
```

> **Need a GitHub App?** See [GitHub Integration](/docs/integrations/github) for setup instructions.

## 4. Enroll a Client

On the machine that needs credentials (can be the same machine or a different one):

```bash
# Install the client
curl -fsSL https://get.creddy.dev/install.sh | sh

# Enroll with the server
creddy enroll https://your-server:8400
```

Approve the enrollment on the server:

```bash
creddy admin approve <enrollment-id>
```

## 5. Get Credentials

```bash
creddy get github --owner myorg --repo myrepo
```

That's it! You've issued your first ephemeral credential.

---

## Next Steps

- [Server Setup](/docs/server) — Production configuration, TLS, security
- [GitHub Integration](/docs/integrations/github) — Full GitHub App setup
- [Concepts](/docs/concepts) — Understand agents, backends, scopes, and TTLs
- [CLI Reference](/docs/reference/cli) — All available commands

---

<details>
<summary>**Manual Installation**</summary>

If you prefer to download binaries directly:

```bash
# macOS (Apple Silicon)
curl -LO https://get.creddy.dev/cli/latest/creddy-darwin-arm64
chmod +x creddy-darwin-arm64
sudo mv creddy-darwin-arm64 /usr/local/bin/creddy

# macOS (Intel)
curl -LO https://get.creddy.dev/cli/latest/creddy-darwin-amd64
chmod +x creddy-darwin-amd64
sudo mv creddy-darwin-amd64 /usr/local/bin/creddy

# Linux (amd64)
curl -LO https://get.creddy.dev/cli/latest/creddy-linux-amd64
chmod +x creddy-linux-amd64
sudo mv creddy-linux-amd64 /usr/local/bin/creddy

# Linux (arm64)
curl -LO https://get.creddy.dev/cli/latest/creddy-linux-arm64
chmod +x creddy-linux-arm64
sudo mv creddy-linux-arm64 /usr/local/bin/creddy
```

Verify checksums are available at `https://get.creddy.dev/cli/latest/manifest.json`.

</details>

Commit message:

docs: clarify single binary, two modes

src/content/getting-started.mdx, after:

# Getting Started

Creddy is a single binary that operates in two modes: as a **server** that holds secrets and issues credentials, and as a **client** that agents use to request them.

Get it running and issue your first credential in 5 minutes.

## 1. Install the Server

On your server (VPS, homelab, etc.):

```bash
curl -fsSL https://get.creddy.dev/install.sh | sudo sh -s -- --to /usr/local/bin
```

## 2. Start the Daemon

```bash
sudo creddy install --listen 0.0.0.0:8400
```

Creddy is now running as a systemd service on port 8400.

```bash
systemctl status creddy  # Check it's running
```

## 3. Add a Backend

Install the GitHub plugin and configure it:

```bash
sudo creddy plugin install github
```

```bash
creddy backend add github \
  --app-id YOUR_APP_ID \
  --private-key /path/to/private-key.pem \
  --installation-id YOUR_INSTALLATION_ID
```

> **Need a GitHub App?** See [GitHub Integration](/docs/integrations/github) for setup instructions.

## 4. Enroll a Client

On the machine that needs credentials (can be the same machine or a different one):

```bash
# Install the client
curl -fsSL https://get.creddy.dev/install.sh | sh

# Enroll with the server
creddy enroll https://your-server:8400
```

Approve the enrollment on the server:

```bash
creddy admin approve <enrollment-id>
```

## 5. Get Credentials

```bash
creddy get github --owner myorg --repo myrepo
```

That's it! You've issued your first ephemeral credential.

---

## Next Steps

- [Server Setup](/docs/server) — Production configuration, TLS, security
- [GitHub Integration](/docs/integrations/github) — Full GitHub App setup
- [Concepts](/docs/concepts) — Understand agents, backends, scopes, and TTLs
- [CLI Reference](/docs/reference/cli) — All available commands

---

<details>
<summary>**Manual Installation**</summary>

If you prefer to download binaries directly:

```bash
# macOS (Apple Silicon)
curl -LO https://get.creddy.dev/cli/latest/creddy-darwin-arm64
chmod +x creddy-darwin-arm64
sudo mv creddy-darwin-arm64 /usr/local/bin/creddy

# macOS (Intel)
curl -LO https://get.creddy.dev/cli/latest/creddy-darwin-amd64
chmod +x creddy-darwin-amd64
sudo mv creddy-darwin-amd64 /usr/local/bin/creddy

# Linux (amd64)
curl -LO https://get.creddy.dev/cli/latest/creddy-linux-amd64
chmod +x creddy-linux-amd64
sudo mv creddy-linux-amd64 /usr/local/bin/creddy

# Linux (arm64)
curl -LO https://get.creddy.dev/cli/latest/creddy-linux-arm64
chmod +x creddy-linux-arm64
sudo mv creddy-linux-arm64 /usr/local/bin/creddy
```

Verify checksums are available at `https://get.creddy.dev/cli/latest/manifest.json`.

</details>
