src/content/integrations/anthropic.mdx, before:

# Anthropic Integration

Creddy's Anthropic plugin provides ephemeral access tokens via a built-in proxy. Agents get short-lived `crd_xxx` tokens that work through Creddy's proxy endpoint, while your actual API key stays secure on the server.

## How It Works

```
┌─────────────┐    creddy get anthropic    ┌─────────────┐
│   Agent     │ ─────────────────────────▶ │   Creddy    │
│             │ ◀───────────────────────── │   Server    │
└─────────────┘    crd_xxx (10 min TTL)    │   :8400     │
       │                                   └──────┬──────┘
       │                                          │
       │ POST /v1/proxy/anthropic/v1/messages     │
       │─────────────────────────────────────────▶│
       │                                          │
       │                                   ┌──────┴──────┐
       │                                   │  Anthropic  │
       │                                   │   Plugin    │
       │                                   └──────┬──────┘
       │                                          │ Validates crd_xxx
       │                                          │ Swaps for sk-ant-xxx
       │                                          ▼
       │                                   ┌─────────────┐
       │◀──────────────────────────────────│  Anthropic  │
       │           response                │     API     │
                                           └─────────────┘
```

1. Agent requests `creddy get anthropic`
2. Plugin generates a short-lived `crd_xxx` token
3. Agent makes API calls to `http://creddy:8400/v1/proxy/anthropic/...`
4. Creddy routes to the Anthropic plugin
5. Plugin validates the token, swaps it for your real API key, forwards to Anthropic
6. On TTL expiry or revocation → token stops working immediately

**Key benefits:**
- Your real API key never leaves the server
- Agents only need to know the main Creddy endpoint (no extra ports)
- Tokens can be instantly revoked
- Full audit trail of which agent used what, when

## Requirements

- Anthropic API key (`sk-ant-...`) from [console.anthropic.com](https://console.anthropic.com/)

## Installation

```bash
creddy plugin install anthropic
```

## Server Setup

Add the backend with your Anthropic API key:

```bash
creddy backend add anthropic
```

You'll be prompted for your API key:

```
Adding backend 'anthropic'...

api_key (Anthropic API key): sk-ant-api03-xxxxx

✓ Backend 'anthropic' added.
```

Or pass it directly:

```bash
creddy backend add anthropic --api-key sk-ant-api03-xxxxx
```

## Agent Enrollment

Agents request Anthropic access during enrollment:

```bash
creddy enroll --server http://creddy:8400 --name my-agent \
  --can anthropic
```

## Requesting Tokens

Once enrolled and approved:

```bash
# Get a token (default 10 min TTL)
creddy get anthropic

# Get a token with custom TTL (max 1 hour)
creddy get anthropic --ttl 30m
```

## Using the Proxy

All API calls go through `http://creddy:8400/v1/proxy/anthropic/...`

### Environment Setup

```bash
export ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=$(creddy get anthropic)
export ANTHROPIC_BASE_URL=http://creddy:8400/v1/proxy/anthropic
```

### With Claude CLI

```bash
export ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=$(creddy get anthropic --ttl 1h)
export ANTHROPIC_BASE_URL=http://creddy:8400/v1/proxy/anthropic

claude "Hello, world"
```

### With Python SDK

```python
import anthropic

client = anthropic.Anthropic(
    api_key="crd_xxx",  # from creddy get
    base_url="http://creddy:8400/v1/proxy/anthropic"
)

message = client.messages.create(
    model="claude-sonnet-4-20250514",
    max_tokens=1024,
    messages=[{"role": "user", "content": "Hello!"}]
)
```

### With curl

```bash
TOKEN=$(creddy get anthropic)

curl http://creddy:8400/v1/proxy/anthropic/v1/messages \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "x-api-key: $TOKEN" \
  -H "anthropic-version: 2023-06-01" \
  -d '{
    "model": "claude-sonnet-4-20250514",
    "max_tokens": 256,
    "messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "Hello!"}]
  }'
```

## Token Lifecycle

### TTL Constraints

- **Minimum TTL:** 1 minute
- **Maximum TTL:** 1 hour
- **Default TTL:** 10 minutes

### Expiry

When a token's TTL expires, the proxy immediately rejects it:

```bash
# Request a 5-minute token
creddy get anthropic --ttl 5m

# After 5 minutes, requests fail:
# 401 Unauthorized: token expired
```

### Revocation

When an agent is unenrolled, all their tokens are immediately invalidated:

```bash
creddy unenroll my-agent
# All crd_xxx tokens for my-agent stop working instantly
```

## Streaming Support

The proxy fully supports SSE streaming for `/v1/messages`:

```python
import anthropic

client = anthropic.Anthropic(
    api_key="crd_xxx",
    base_url="http://creddy:8400/v1/proxy/anthropic"
)

with client.messages.stream(
    model="claude-sonnet-4-20250514",
    max_tokens=1024,
    messages=[{"role": "user", "content": "Write a haiku"}]
) as stream:
    for text in stream.text_stream:
        print(text, end="", flush=True)
```

## Security Considerations

### API Key Protection

Your real API key (`sk-ant-xxx`) is:
- Stored encrypted in Creddy's database
- Never exposed to agents
- Only used server-side by the plugin

### Token Security

`crd_xxx` tokens are:
- Short-lived (max 1 hour)
- Scoped to specific agents
- Instantly revocable
- Only valid through Creddy's proxy (not directly with Anthropic)

### Network Security

Run Creddy on a private network or Tailscale. The proxy endpoint is on the same port as the rest of Creddy's API (default 8400).

## Comparison with Direct API Keys

| Aspect | Direct API Key | Creddy Proxy |
|--------|---------------|--------------|
| Lifetime | Forever | Minutes to hours |
| Revocation | Manual in Console | Instant via CLI |
| Key exposure | Agents see real key | Agents see `crd_xxx` only |
| Audit | Check Console | Full trail in Creddy |
| Agent compromise | Full API access | Limited window + revoke |

## Troubleshooting

### "401 Unauthorized" from proxy

Check token validity:
```bash
# Is the token format correct?
echo $ANTHROPIC_API_KEY  # Should be crd_xxx

# Is it expired?
creddy active  # Shows active tokens with expiry
```

### "502 Bad Gateway"

The Anthropic plugin proxy isn't reachable. Check:
```bash
creddy backend status anthropic
```

### Streaming not working

Ensure your HTTP client supports SSE and doesn't buffer responses. The proxy passes through `Transfer-Encoding: chunked` and `Content-Type: text/event-stream` correctly.

### Rate limits

Rate limits apply to your underlying Anthropic API key. If you hit limits, all agents using that key are affected. Consider using separate Anthropic accounts for different environments.

Commit message:

docs: fix Claude CLI config (ANTHROPIC_AUTH_TOKEN, empty API_KEY)

src/content/integrations/anthropic.mdx, after:

# Anthropic Integration

Creddy's Anthropic plugin provides ephemeral access tokens via a built-in proxy. Agents get short-lived `crd_xxx` tokens that work through Creddy's proxy endpoint, while your actual API key stays secure on the server.

## How It Works

```
┌─────────────┐    creddy get anthropic    ┌─────────────┐
│   Agent     │ ─────────────────────────▶ │   Creddy    │
│             │ ◀───────────────────────── │   Server    │
└─────────────┘    crd_xxx (10 min TTL)    │   :8400     │
       │                                   └──────┬──────┘
       │                                          │
       │ POST /v1/proxy/anthropic/v1/messages     │
       │─────────────────────────────────────────▶│
       │                                          │
       │                                   ┌──────┴──────┐
       │                                   │  Anthropic  │
       │                                   │   Plugin    │
       │                                   └──────┬──────┘
       │                                          │ Validates crd_xxx
       │                                          │ Swaps for sk-ant-xxx
       │                                          ▼
       │                                   ┌─────────────┐
       │◀──────────────────────────────────│  Anthropic  │
       │           response                │     API     │
                                           └─────────────┘
```

1. Agent requests `creddy get anthropic`
2. Plugin generates a short-lived `crd_xxx` token
3. Agent makes API calls to `http://creddy:8400/v1/proxy/anthropic/...`
4. Creddy routes to the Anthropic plugin
5. Plugin validates the token, swaps it for your real API key, forwards to Anthropic
6. On TTL expiry or revocation → token stops working immediately

**Key benefits:**
- Your real API key never leaves the server
- Agents only need to know the main Creddy endpoint (no extra ports)
- Tokens can be instantly revoked
- Full audit trail of which agent used what, when

## Requirements

- Anthropic API key (`sk-ant-...`) from [console.anthropic.com](https://console.anthropic.com/)

## Installation

```bash
creddy plugin install anthropic
```

## Server Setup

Add the backend with your Anthropic API key:

```bash
creddy backend add anthropic
```

You'll be prompted for your API key:

```
Adding backend 'anthropic'...

api_key (Anthropic API key): sk-ant-api03-xxxxx

✓ Backend 'anthropic' added.
```

Or pass it directly:

```bash
creddy backend add anthropic --api-key sk-ant-api03-xxxxx
```

## Agent Enrollment

Agents request Anthropic access during enrollment:

```bash
creddy enroll --server http://creddy:8400 --name my-agent \
  --can anthropic
```

## Requesting Tokens

Once enrolled and approved:

```bash
# Get a token (default 10 min TTL)
creddy get anthropic

# Get a token with custom TTL (max 1 hour)
creddy get anthropic --ttl 30m
```

## Using the Proxy

All API calls go through `http://creddy:8400/v1/proxy/anthropic/...`

### With Claude CLI

```bash
export ANTHROPIC_AUTH_TOKEN=$(creddy get anthropic --ttl 1h)
export ANTHROPIC_BASE_URL=http://creddy:8400/v1/proxy/anthropic
export ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=""  # Must be empty to skip OAuth

claude "Hello, world"
```

### With Python SDK

```python
import anthropic

client = anthropic.Anthropic(
    api_key="crd_xxx",  # from creddy get
    base_url="http://creddy:8400/v1/proxy/anthropic"
)

message = client.messages.create(
    model="claude-sonnet-4-20250514",
    max_tokens=1024,
    messages=[{"role": "user", "content": "Hello!"}]
)
```

### With curl

```bash
TOKEN=$(creddy get anthropic)

curl http://creddy:8400/v1/proxy/anthropic/v1/messages \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "x-api-key: $TOKEN" \
  -H "anthropic-version: 2023-06-01" \
  -d '{
    "model": "claude-sonnet-4-20250514",
    "max_tokens": 256,
    "messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "Hello!"}]
  }'
```

## Token Lifecycle

### TTL Constraints

- **Minimum TTL:** 1 minute
- **Maximum TTL:** 1 hour
- **Default TTL:** 10 minutes

### Expiry

When a token's TTL expires, the proxy immediately rejects it:

```bash
# Request a 5-minute token
creddy get anthropic --ttl 5m

# After 5 minutes, requests fail:
# 401 Unauthorized: token expired
```

### Revocation

When an agent is unenrolled, all their tokens are immediately invalidated:

```bash
creddy unenroll my-agent
# All crd_xxx tokens for my-agent stop working instantly
```

## Streaming Support

The proxy fully supports SSE streaming for `/v1/messages`:

```python
import anthropic

client = anthropic.Anthropic(
    api_key="crd_xxx",
    base_url="http://creddy:8400/v1/proxy/anthropic"
)

with client.messages.stream(
    model="claude-sonnet-4-20250514",
    max_tokens=1024,
    messages=[{"role": "user", "content": "Write a haiku"}]
) as stream:
    for text in stream.text_stream:
        print(text, end="", flush=True)
```

## Security Considerations

### API Key Protection

Your real API key (`sk-ant-xxx`) is:
- Stored encrypted in Creddy's database
- Never exposed to agents
- Only used server-side by the plugin

### Token Security

`crd_xxx` tokens are:
- Short-lived (max 1 hour)
- Scoped to specific agents
- Instantly revocable
- Only valid through Creddy's proxy (not directly with Anthropic)

### Network Security

Run Creddy on a private network or Tailscale. The proxy endpoint is on the same port as the rest of Creddy's API (default 8400).

## Comparison with Direct API Keys

| Aspect | Direct API Key | Creddy Proxy |
|--------|---------------|--------------|
| Lifetime | Forever | Minutes to hours |
| Revocation | Manual in Console | Instant via CLI |
| Key exposure | Agents see real key | Agents see `crd_xxx` only |
| Audit | Check Console | Full trail in Creddy |
| Agent compromise | Full API access | Limited window + revoke |

## Troubleshooting

### "401 Unauthorized" from proxy

Check token validity:
```bash
# Is the token format correct?
echo $ANTHROPIC_AUTH_TOKEN  # Should be crd_xxx

# Is it expired?
creddy active  # Shows active tokens with expiry
```

### "502 Bad Gateway"

The Anthropic plugin proxy isn't reachable. Check:
```bash
creddy backend status anthropic
```

### Streaming not working

Ensure your HTTP client supports SSE and doesn't buffer responses. The proxy passes through `Transfer-Encoding: chunked` and `Content-Type: text/event-stream` correctly.

### Rate limits

Rate limits apply to your underlying Anthropic API key. If you hit limits, all agents using that key are affected. Consider using separate Anthropic accounts for different environments.
