src/content/integrations/dockerhub.mdx, before:

# Docker Hub Integration

Creddy's Docker Hub integration creates scoped Personal Access Tokens for your AI agents. Tokens can be limited to specific repositories with read or write access.

## How It Works

```
┌─────────────┐    creddy get dockerhub    ┌─────────────┐
│   Agent     │ ─────────────────────────▶ │   Creddy    │
│             │ ◀───────────────────────── │   Server    │
└─────────────┘     dckr_pat_xxx (TTL)     └──────┬──────┘
       │                                          │
       │ docker pull/push                         │ Hub API
       ▼                                          ▼
┌─────────────┐                            ┌─────────────┐
│ Docker Hub  │                            │ Docker Hub  │
│  Registry   │                            │     API     │
└─────────────┘                            └─────────────┘
```

## Requirements

- Docker Hub account
- Personal Access Token with "Read, Write, Delete" scope (for creating scoped tokens)

## Server Setup

### 1. Create Admin Token

1. Log into [hub.docker.com](https://hub.docker.com)
2. Go to Account Settings → Security → Access Tokens
3. Create a token with "Read, Write, Delete" permissions
4. Save the token securely

### 2. Configure Creddy

```bash
creddy backend add dockerhub \
  --username "myuser" \
  --password "dckr_pat_..."
```

Or via API:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8400/v1/admin/backends \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "type": "dockerhub",
    "name": "dockerhub",
    "config": {
      "username": "myuser",
      "password": "dckr_pat_..."
    }
  }'
```

## Agent Enrollment

```bash
creddy enroll --server http://creddy:8400 --name my-agent \
  --can dockerhub:myorg/myimage
```

### Scopes

| Scope | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `dockerhub:*` | Full access to all repositories |
| `dockerhub:<namespace>/*` | Access to all repos in a namespace |
| `dockerhub:<namespace>/<repo>` | Access to a specific repository |
| `dockerhub:<namespace>/<repo>:read` | Pull-only access |
| `dockerhub:<namespace>/<repo>:write` | Push and pull access (default) |

## Requesting Tokens

```bash
# Get a token
TOKEN=$(creddy get dockerhub)

# Use with Docker
echo $TOKEN | docker login -u myuser --password-stdin

# Repository-scoped token
TOKEN=$(creddy get dockerhub --scope "dockerhub:myorg/myimage")

# Read-only token (pull only)
TOKEN=$(creddy get dockerhub --scope "dockerhub:myorg/myimage:read")
```

### Using in CI/CD

```yaml
# GitHub Actions example
- name: Login to Docker Hub
  run: |
    TOKEN=$(creddy get dockerhub --scope "dockerhub:myorg/myimage")
    echo $TOKEN | docker login -u myuser --password-stdin

- name: Build and push
  run: |
    docker build -t myorg/myimage:latest .
    docker push myorg/myimage:latest
```

### Using with Docker Compose

```bash
# Set credentials
export DOCKER_USERNAME=myuser
export DOCKER_PASSWORD=$(creddy get dockerhub)

# Use in compose
docker compose pull
docker compose up
```

## Token Lifecycle

### TTL Expiry

Tokens are automatically deleted when their TTL expires:

```bash
# Request a 1-hour token
creddy get dockerhub --ttl 1h

# After 1 hour, Creddy deletes the token from Docker Hub
```

### Agent Unenroll

When an agent is unenrolled, all their Docker Hub tokens are immediately revoked.

## Read vs Write Access

| Scope Suffix | Docker Actions |
|--------------|----------------|
| `:read` | `docker pull` only |
| `:write` (or no suffix) | `docker pull`, `docker push` |

```bash
# CI agent that only needs to pull
creddy enroll --server ... --name ci-runner \
  --can dockerhub:myorg/baseimage:read

# Build agent that pushes images
creddy enroll --server ... --name builder \
  --can dockerhub:myorg/*:write
```

## Security Considerations

- Use `:read` scopes for agents that don't need to push
- Scope tokens to specific repositories when possible
- Use short TTLs for CI/CD jobs
- The admin token stored in Creddy can create any scoped token

## Troubleshooting

### "Login failed"

- Verify username and password are correct
- Check the admin token hasn't expired
- Ensure the token has sufficient permissions

### "Token creation failed"

- You may have hit Docker Hub's token limit
- Verify your account is in good standing

### Pull works but push fails

- Check your scope includes write access (no `:read` suffix)
- Verify the repository exists and you have push permissions

## Version History

### v0.1.0 (Latest)
- Initial release
- Repository-scoped access tokens
- Read/write permission control

Commit message:

docs: add coming soon banner to unreleased integrations

src/content/integrations/dockerhub.mdx, after:

# Docker Hub Integration

> **🚧 Coming Soon** — This integration is not yet available. Check back soon or [join the waitlist](https://creddy.dev) to be notified when it launches.


Creddy's Docker Hub integration creates scoped Personal Access Tokens for your AI agents. Tokens can be limited to specific repositories with read or write access.

## How It Works

```
┌─────────────┐    creddy get dockerhub    ┌─────────────┐
│   Agent     │ ─────────────────────────▶ │   Creddy    │
│             │ ◀───────────────────────── │   Server    │
└─────────────┘     dckr_pat_xxx (TTL)     └──────┬──────┘
       │                                          │
       │ docker pull/push                         │ Hub API
       ▼                                          ▼
┌─────────────┐                            ┌─────────────┐
│ Docker Hub  │                            │ Docker Hub  │
│  Registry   │                            │     API     │
└─────────────┘                            └─────────────┘
```

## Requirements

- Docker Hub account
- Personal Access Token with "Read, Write, Delete" scope (for creating scoped tokens)

## Server Setup

### 1. Create Admin Token

1. Log into [hub.docker.com](https://hub.docker.com)
2. Go to Account Settings → Security → Access Tokens
3. Create a token with "Read, Write, Delete" permissions
4. Save the token securely

### 2. Configure Creddy

```bash
creddy backend add dockerhub \
  --username "myuser" \
  --password "dckr_pat_..."
```

Or via API:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8400/v1/admin/backends \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "type": "dockerhub",
    "name": "dockerhub",
    "config": {
      "username": "myuser",
      "password": "dckr_pat_..."
    }
  }'
```

## Agent Enrollment

```bash
creddy enroll --server http://creddy:8400 --name my-agent \
  --can dockerhub:myorg/myimage
```

### Scopes

| Scope | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `dockerhub:*` | Full access to all repositories |
| `dockerhub:<namespace>/*` | Access to all repos in a namespace |
| `dockerhub:<namespace>/<repo>` | Access to a specific repository |
| `dockerhub:<namespace>/<repo>:read` | Pull-only access |
| `dockerhub:<namespace>/<repo>:write` | Push and pull access (default) |

## Requesting Tokens

```bash
# Get a token
TOKEN=$(creddy get dockerhub)

# Use with Docker
echo $TOKEN | docker login -u myuser --password-stdin

# Repository-scoped token
TOKEN=$(creddy get dockerhub --scope "dockerhub:myorg/myimage")

# Read-only token (pull only)
TOKEN=$(creddy get dockerhub --scope "dockerhub:myorg/myimage:read")
```

### Using in CI/CD

```yaml
# GitHub Actions example
- name: Login to Docker Hub
  run: |
    TOKEN=$(creddy get dockerhub --scope "dockerhub:myorg/myimage")
    echo $TOKEN | docker login -u myuser --password-stdin

- name: Build and push
  run: |
    docker build -t myorg/myimage:latest .
    docker push myorg/myimage:latest
```

### Using with Docker Compose

```bash
# Set credentials
export DOCKER_USERNAME=myuser
export DOCKER_PASSWORD=$(creddy get dockerhub)

# Use in compose
docker compose pull
docker compose up
```

## Token Lifecycle

### TTL Expiry

Tokens are automatically deleted when their TTL expires:

```bash
# Request a 1-hour token
creddy get dockerhub --ttl 1h

# After 1 hour, Creddy deletes the token from Docker Hub
```

### Agent Unenroll

When an agent is unenrolled, all their Docker Hub tokens are immediately revoked.

## Read vs Write Access

| Scope Suffix | Docker Actions |
|--------------|----------------|
| `:read` | `docker pull` only |
| `:write` (or no suffix) | `docker pull`, `docker push` |

```bash
# CI agent that only needs to pull
creddy enroll --server ... --name ci-runner \
  --can dockerhub:myorg/baseimage:read

# Build agent that pushes images
creddy enroll --server ... --name builder \
  --can dockerhub:myorg/*:write
```

## Security Considerations

- Use `:read` scopes for agents that don't need to push
- Scope tokens to specific repositories when possible
- Use short TTLs for CI/CD jobs
- The admin token stored in Creddy can create any scoped token

## Troubleshooting

### "Login failed"

- Verify username and password are correct
- Check the admin token hasn't expired
- Ensure the token has sufficient permissions

### "Token creation failed"

- You may have hit Docker Hub's token limit
- Verify your account is in good standing

### Pull works but push fails

- Check your scope includes write access (no `:read` suffix)
- Verify the repository exists and you have push permissions

## Version History

### v0.1.0 (Latest)
- Initial release
- Repository-scoped access tokens
- Read/write permission control
