src/content/integrations/doppler.mdx, before:

# Doppler Integration

Creddy's Doppler integration creates scoped service tokens that give agents access to specific project secrets. Tokens are ephemeral — created on-demand and automatically revoked when they expire or when an agent is unenrolled.

## How It Works

Creddy uses Doppler's API to manage service tokens:

1. Agent requests `creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd`
2. Creddy creates a scoped service token via Doppler API
3. Returns the token to the agent
4. On TTL expiry or unenroll → Creddy revokes the token

```
┌─────────────┐  creddy get doppler    ┌─────────────┐
│   Agent     │ ─────────────────────▶ │   Creddy    │
│             │ ◀───────────────────── │   Server    │
└─────────────┘  dp.st.xxx (1h TTL)    └──────┬──────┘
       │                                      │
       │ doppler secrets                      │ Doppler API
       ▼                                      ▼
┌─────────────┐                        ┌─────────────┐
│   Doppler   │                        │   Doppler   │
│   Secrets   │                        │     API     │
└─────────────┘                        └─────────────┘
```

Unlike static service tokens that live forever, Creddy tokens are automatically cleaned up.

## Requirements

- **Doppler account** — Any plan
- **Workplace token** — With permission to create service tokens
- **Projects configured** — The projects agents will access

## Server Setup

### 1. Get a Doppler Token

You need a token that can manage service tokens. Options:

**Option A: Personal Token (simpler)**
1. Go to [dashboard.doppler.com](https://dashboard.doppler.com)
2. Click your avatar → Tokens
3. Generate a Personal Token
4. Save it securely

**Option B: Service Account (recommended for production)**
1. Settings → Service Accounts
2. Create a service account for Creddy
3. Grant it "Service Token Manager" role on relevant projects
4. Generate a token for the service account

### 2. Configure Creddy

```bash
creddy backend add doppler \
  --token "dp.pt.xxxx"
```

Or via API:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8400/v1/admin/backends \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "type": "doppler",
    "name": "doppler",
    "config": {
      "token": "dp.pt.xxxx"
    }
  }'
```

## Agent Enrollment

Agents request access to specific projects and configs during enrollment:

```bash
# Access to production config
creddy enroll --server http://creddy:8400 --name deploy-bot \
  --can doppler:myapp/prd

# Access to multiple configs
creddy enroll --server http://creddy:8400 --name dev-bot \
  --can doppler:myapp/dev \
  --can doppler:myapp/stg

# Read-only access
creddy enroll --server http://creddy:8400 --name readonly-bot \
  --can doppler:myapp/prd:read
```

### Scope Format

```
doppler:project/config[:permission]
```

| Scope | Access |
|-------|--------|
| `doppler:myapp/prd` | Read/write to myapp production |
| `doppler:myapp/prd:read` | Read-only to myapp production |
| `doppler:myapp/*` | All configs in myapp project |
| `doppler:*` | All projects (use sparingly) |

## Requesting Tokens

Once enrolled and approved:

```bash
# Get a token for a specific config
creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd

# With custom TTL
creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd --ttl 2h

# Read-only token
creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd --read-only
```

### Using with Doppler CLI

```bash
# Set the token
export DOPPLER_TOKEN=$(creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd)

# Fetch secrets
doppler secrets

# Run with secrets injected
doppler run -- ./my-app
```

### Using with Direct API

```bash
# Get token
TOKEN=$(creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd)

# Fetch secrets via API
curl -s "https://api.doppler.com/v3/configs/config/secrets/download?format=json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN"
```

### Using in Scripts

```bash
#!/bin/bash
# deploy.sh - Deployment script with ephemeral secrets access

# Get a short-lived token for this deployment
export DOPPLER_TOKEN=$(creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd --ttl 10m)

# Deploy with secrets
doppler run -- kubectl apply -f deployment.yaml

# Token auto-revokes after TTL even if script crashes
```

## Token Lifecycle

### TTL Expiry

Tokens are automatically revoked when their TTL expires:

```bash
# Request a 30-minute token
creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd --ttl 30m

# After 30 minutes, Creddy's reaper:
# 1. Calls Doppler API to revoke the token
# 2. Removes it from the active credentials database
```

The token stops working immediately — it's revoked at Doppler, not just in Creddy.

### Agent Unenroll

When an agent is unenrolled, all their active tokens are revoked:

```bash
# Admin unenrolls an agent
creddy unenroll deploy-bot

# Creddy:
# 1. Finds all active Doppler tokens for deploy-bot
# 2. Revokes each token via Doppler API
# 3. Removes the agent
```

## Multi-Project Access

Agents can have access to multiple projects:

```bash
# Enrollment with multiple projects
creddy enroll --server http://creddy:8400 --name infra-bot \
  --can doppler:frontend/prd \
  --can doppler:backend/prd \
  --can doppler:shared-secrets/prd:read
```

Request tokens for each project separately:

```bash
FRONTEND_TOKEN=$(creddy get doppler --project frontend --config prd)
BACKEND_TOKEN=$(creddy get doppler --project backend --config prd)
```

## Example: CI/CD Pipeline

```yaml
# .github/workflows/deploy.yml
jobs:
  deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      
      - name: Get Doppler token
        run: |
          export DOPPLER_TOKEN=$(creddy get doppler \
            --server ${{ secrets.CREDDY_URL }} \
            --project myapp \
            --config prd \
            --ttl 15m)
          echo "DOPPLER_TOKEN=$DOPPLER_TOKEN" >> $GITHUB_ENV
      
      - name: Deploy
        run: |
          doppler run -- ./deploy.sh
```

## Example: Kubernetes Sidecar

```yaml
# Pod with Creddy sidecar for secret refresh
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: myapp
spec:
  containers:
    - name: app
      image: myapp:latest
      env:
        - name: DOPPLER_TOKEN
          valueFrom:
            secretKeyRef:
              name: doppler-token
              key: token
    
    - name: creddy-sidecar
      image: creddy:latest
      command:
        - /bin/sh
        - -c
        - |
          while true; do
            TOKEN=$(creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd --ttl 1h)
            kubectl create secret generic doppler-token \
              --from-literal=token=$TOKEN \
              --dry-run=client -o yaml | kubectl apply -f -
            sleep 3000  # Refresh every 50 min
          done
```

## Audit Trail

All token operations are logged:

```bash
creddy audit --limit 10
```

Shows which agent requested tokens for which project/config, when, and the token's TTL.

## Security Considerations

### Token Hierarchy

Doppler has a token hierarchy:
- **Personal tokens** — tied to a user, broad access
- **Service account tokens** — scoped to roles, recommended for Creddy
- **Service tokens** — what Creddy creates, scoped to single config

Creddy creates service tokens (most limited), using your personal/SA token (more privileged).

### Principle of Least Privilege

- Grant agents only the configs they need
- Use `:read` suffix when write isn't required
- Prefer specific project/config over wildcards
- Use short TTLs for sensitive configs

### Audit Access

Doppler logs all secret access. Combined with Creddy's audit:
- **Creddy**: Who requested tokens, when
- **Doppler**: What secrets were accessed

## Comparison with Static Service Tokens

| Aspect | Static Token | Creddy Ephemeral |
|--------|-------------|------------------|
| Lifetime | Forever | Minutes to hours |
| Scope | Single config | Single config |
| Revocation | Manual | Automatic on TTL/unenroll |
| Audit | Doppler only | Creddy + Doppler |
| Agent compromise | Permanent exposure | Limited window |
| Token rotation | Manual | Automatic |

## Troubleshooting

### "Permission denied creating service token"

Your Creddy token doesn't have permission to create service tokens in that project. Check:
- Personal token: You need access to the project
- Service account: Needs "Service Token Manager" role

### "Project not found"

Verify the project name matches exactly (case-sensitive):

```bash
doppler projects
```

### "Config not found"

Verify the config exists:

```bash
doppler configs --project myapp
```

### Token not working

If token shows as active in Creddy but doesn't work:

```bash
# Check active credentials
creddy list

# Test the token directly
curl -s "https://api.doppler.com/v3/me" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $DOPPLER_TOKEN"
```

## Version History

### v0.1.2 (Latest)
- Added: Config wildcard support (`doppler:project/*`)
- Fixed: Token revocation on TTL expiry

### v0.1.1
- Added: Read-only scope modifier
- Improved: Validation error messages

### v0.1.0
- Initial release
- Basic service token generation

Commit message:

docs: add coming soon banner to unreleased integrations

src/content/integrations/doppler.mdx, after:

# Doppler Integration

> **🚧 Coming Soon** — This integration is not yet available. Check back soon or [join the waitlist](https://creddy.dev) to be notified when it launches.


Creddy's Doppler integration creates scoped service tokens that give agents access to specific project secrets. Tokens are ephemeral — created on-demand and automatically revoked when they expire or when an agent is unenrolled.

## How It Works

Creddy uses Doppler's API to manage service tokens:

1. Agent requests `creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd`
2. Creddy creates a scoped service token via Doppler API
3. Returns the token to the agent
4. On TTL expiry or unenroll → Creddy revokes the token

```
┌─────────────┐  creddy get doppler    ┌─────────────┐
│   Agent     │ ─────────────────────▶ │   Creddy    │
│             │ ◀───────────────────── │   Server    │
└─────────────┘  dp.st.xxx (1h TTL)    └──────┬──────┘
       │                                      │
       │ doppler secrets                      │ Doppler API
       ▼                                      ▼
┌─────────────┐                        ┌─────────────┐
│   Doppler   │                        │   Doppler   │
│   Secrets   │                        │     API     │
└─────────────┘                        └─────────────┘
```

Unlike static service tokens that live forever, Creddy tokens are automatically cleaned up.

## Requirements

- **Doppler account** — Any plan
- **Workplace token** — With permission to create service tokens
- **Projects configured** — The projects agents will access

## Server Setup

### 1. Get a Doppler Token

You need a token that can manage service tokens. Options:

**Option A: Personal Token (simpler)**
1. Go to [dashboard.doppler.com](https://dashboard.doppler.com)
2. Click your avatar → Tokens
3. Generate a Personal Token
4. Save it securely

**Option B: Service Account (recommended for production)**
1. Settings → Service Accounts
2. Create a service account for Creddy
3. Grant it "Service Token Manager" role on relevant projects
4. Generate a token for the service account

### 2. Configure Creddy

```bash
creddy backend add doppler \
  --token "dp.pt.xxxx"
```

Or via API:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8400/v1/admin/backends \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "type": "doppler",
    "name": "doppler",
    "config": {
      "token": "dp.pt.xxxx"
    }
  }'
```

## Agent Enrollment

Agents request access to specific projects and configs during enrollment:

```bash
# Access to production config
creddy enroll --server http://creddy:8400 --name deploy-bot \
  --can doppler:myapp/prd

# Access to multiple configs
creddy enroll --server http://creddy:8400 --name dev-bot \
  --can doppler:myapp/dev \
  --can doppler:myapp/stg

# Read-only access
creddy enroll --server http://creddy:8400 --name readonly-bot \
  --can doppler:myapp/prd:read
```

### Scope Format

```
doppler:project/config[:permission]
```

| Scope | Access |
|-------|--------|
| `doppler:myapp/prd` | Read/write to myapp production |
| `doppler:myapp/prd:read` | Read-only to myapp production |
| `doppler:myapp/*` | All configs in myapp project |
| `doppler:*` | All projects (use sparingly) |

## Requesting Tokens

Once enrolled and approved:

```bash
# Get a token for a specific config
creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd

# With custom TTL
creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd --ttl 2h

# Read-only token
creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd --read-only
```

### Using with Doppler CLI

```bash
# Set the token
export DOPPLER_TOKEN=$(creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd)

# Fetch secrets
doppler secrets

# Run with secrets injected
doppler run -- ./my-app
```

### Using with Direct API

```bash
# Get token
TOKEN=$(creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd)

# Fetch secrets via API
curl -s "https://api.doppler.com/v3/configs/config/secrets/download?format=json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN"
```

### Using in Scripts

```bash
#!/bin/bash
# deploy.sh - Deployment script with ephemeral secrets access

# Get a short-lived token for this deployment
export DOPPLER_TOKEN=$(creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd --ttl 10m)

# Deploy with secrets
doppler run -- kubectl apply -f deployment.yaml

# Token auto-revokes after TTL even if script crashes
```

## Token Lifecycle

### TTL Expiry

Tokens are automatically revoked when their TTL expires:

```bash
# Request a 30-minute token
creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd --ttl 30m

# After 30 minutes, Creddy's reaper:
# 1. Calls Doppler API to revoke the token
# 2. Removes it from the active credentials database
```

The token stops working immediately — it's revoked at Doppler, not just in Creddy.

### Agent Unenroll

When an agent is unenrolled, all their active tokens are revoked:

```bash
# Admin unenrolls an agent
creddy unenroll deploy-bot

# Creddy:
# 1. Finds all active Doppler tokens for deploy-bot
# 2. Revokes each token via Doppler API
# 3. Removes the agent
```

## Multi-Project Access

Agents can have access to multiple projects:

```bash
# Enrollment with multiple projects
creddy enroll --server http://creddy:8400 --name infra-bot \
  --can doppler:frontend/prd \
  --can doppler:backend/prd \
  --can doppler:shared-secrets/prd:read
```

Request tokens for each project separately:

```bash
FRONTEND_TOKEN=$(creddy get doppler --project frontend --config prd)
BACKEND_TOKEN=$(creddy get doppler --project backend --config prd)
```

## Example: CI/CD Pipeline

```yaml
# .github/workflows/deploy.yml
jobs:
  deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      
      - name: Get Doppler token
        run: |
          export DOPPLER_TOKEN=$(creddy get doppler \
            --server ${{ secrets.CREDDY_URL }} \
            --project myapp \
            --config prd \
            --ttl 15m)
          echo "DOPPLER_TOKEN=$DOPPLER_TOKEN" >> $GITHUB_ENV
      
      - name: Deploy
        run: |
          doppler run -- ./deploy.sh
```

## Example: Kubernetes Sidecar

```yaml
# Pod with Creddy sidecar for secret refresh
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: myapp
spec:
  containers:
    - name: app
      image: myapp:latest
      env:
        - name: DOPPLER_TOKEN
          valueFrom:
            secretKeyRef:
              name: doppler-token
              key: token
    
    - name: creddy-sidecar
      image: creddy:latest
      command:
        - /bin/sh
        - -c
        - |
          while true; do
            TOKEN=$(creddy get doppler --project myapp --config prd --ttl 1h)
            kubectl create secret generic doppler-token \
              --from-literal=token=$TOKEN \
              --dry-run=client -o yaml | kubectl apply -f -
            sleep 3000  # Refresh every 50 min
          done
```

## Audit Trail

All token operations are logged:

```bash
creddy audit --limit 10
```

Shows which agent requested tokens for which project/config, when, and the token's TTL.

## Security Considerations

### Token Hierarchy

Doppler has a token hierarchy:
- **Personal tokens** — tied to a user, broad access
- **Service account tokens** — scoped to roles, recommended for Creddy
- **Service tokens** — what Creddy creates, scoped to single config

Creddy creates service tokens (most limited), using your personal/SA token (more privileged).

### Principle of Least Privilege

- Grant agents only the configs they need
- Use `:read` suffix when write isn't required
- Prefer specific project/config over wildcards
- Use short TTLs for sensitive configs

### Audit Access

Doppler logs all secret access. Combined with Creddy's audit:
- **Creddy**: Who requested tokens, when
- **Doppler**: What secrets were accessed

## Comparison with Static Service Tokens

| Aspect | Static Token | Creddy Ephemeral |
|--------|-------------|------------------|
| Lifetime | Forever | Minutes to hours |
| Scope | Single config | Single config |
| Revocation | Manual | Automatic on TTL/unenroll |
| Audit | Doppler only | Creddy + Doppler |
| Agent compromise | Permanent exposure | Limited window |
| Token rotation | Manual | Automatic |

## Troubleshooting

### "Permission denied creating service token"

Your Creddy token doesn't have permission to create service tokens in that project. Check:
- Personal token: You need access to the project
- Service account: Needs "Service Token Manager" role

### "Project not found"

Verify the project name matches exactly (case-sensitive):

```bash
doppler projects
```

### "Config not found"

Verify the config exists:

```bash
doppler configs --project myapp
```

### Token not working

If token shows as active in Creddy but doesn't work:

```bash
# Check active credentials
creddy list

# Test the token directly
curl -s "https://api.doppler.com/v3/me" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $DOPPLER_TOKEN"
```

## Version History

### v0.1.2 (Latest)
- Added: Config wildcard support (`doppler:project/*`)
- Fixed: Token revocation on TTL expiry

### v0.1.1
- Added: Read-only scope modifier
- Improved: Validation error messages

### v0.1.0
- Initial release
- Basic service token generation
