src/content/integrations/openai.mdx, before:

# OpenAI Integration

Creddy's OpenAI integration creates ephemeral API keys for your AI agents. Keys are created on-demand and automatically deleted when they expire.

## How It Works

```
┌─────────────┐     creddy get openai      ┌─────────────┐
│   Agent     │ ─────────────────────────▶ │   Creddy    │
│             │ ◀───────────────────────── │   Server    │
└─────────────┘      sk-xxx (1h TTL)       └──────┬──────┘
       │                                          │
       │ API calls                                │ Admin API
       ▼                                          ▼
┌─────────────┐                            ┌─────────────┐
│   OpenAI    │                            │   OpenAI    │
│     API     │                            │  Admin API  │
└─────────────┘                            └─────────────┘
```

## Requirements

- OpenAI account with API access
- Admin API key with permission to create/delete API keys
- Organization admin access for project-scoped keys (optional)

## Server Setup

### 1. Get Admin API Key

1. Log into [platform.openai.com](https://platform.openai.com)
2. Go to Settings → Organization → API Keys
3. Create an API key with admin permissions
4. Note your Organization ID (if using multi-org)

### 2. Configure Creddy

```bash
creddy backend add openai \
  --admin-key "sk-..." \
  --org-id "org-..."        # optional
  --project-id "proj-..."   # optional default project
```

Or via API:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8400/v1/admin/backends \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "type": "openai",
    "name": "openai",
    "config": {
      "admin_key": "sk-...",
      "org_id": "org-...",
      "project_id": "proj-..."
    }
  }'
```

## Agent Enrollment

```bash
creddy enroll --server http://creddy:8400 --name my-agent \
  --can openai
```

### Scopes

| Scope | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `openai:*` | Full API access |
| `openai:<project_id>` | Access scoped to a specific project |

## Requesting Keys

```bash
# Get an API key
export OPENAI_API_KEY=$(creddy get openai)

# Project-scoped key
export OPENAI_API_KEY=$(creddy get openai --scope "openai:proj_abc123")

# Custom TTL
export OPENAI_API_KEY=$(creddy get openai --ttl 30m)
```

### Using with Python

```python
import os
from openai import OpenAI

# Uses OPENAI_API_KEY from environment
client = OpenAI()

response = client.chat.completions.create(
    model="gpt-4",
    messages=[{"role": "user", "content": "Hello!"}]
)
```

### Using with curl

```bash
curl https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $OPENAI_API_KEY" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"model": "gpt-4", "messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "Hello!"}]}'
```

## Key Lifecycle

### TTL Expiry

When the TTL expires, Creddy automatically deletes the key from OpenAI:

```bash
# Request a 30-minute key
creddy get openai --ttl 30m

# After 30 minutes, the key is deleted from OpenAI
```

### Agent Unenroll

When an agent is unenrolled, all their active OpenAI keys are revoked immediately.

## Security Considerations

- Keep your admin API key secure — it can create/delete any key in your organization
- Use short TTLs for untrusted agents
- Consider separate OpenAI organizations for different trust levels
- Monitor API usage in the OpenAI dashboard

## Troubleshooting

### "Admin API access required"

Your API key needs admin permissions. Create a new key with full access in the OpenAI dashboard.

### "Failed to create API key"

- Verify your admin key is valid
- Check you haven't hit API key limits
- Ensure organization ID is correct (if specified)

## Version History

### v0.1.0 (Latest)
- Initial release
- API key creation and revocation
- Project scoping support

Commit message:

docs: add coming soon banner to unreleased integrations

src/content/integrations/openai.mdx, after:

# OpenAI Integration

> **🚧 Coming Soon** — This integration is not yet available. Check back soon or [join the waitlist](https://creddy.dev) to be notified when it launches.


Creddy's OpenAI integration creates ephemeral API keys for your AI agents. Keys are created on-demand and automatically deleted when they expire.

## How It Works

```
┌─────────────┐     creddy get openai      ┌─────────────┐
│   Agent     │ ─────────────────────────▶ │   Creddy    │
│             │ ◀───────────────────────── │   Server    │
└─────────────┘      sk-xxx (1h TTL)       └──────┬──────┘
       │                                          │
       │ API calls                                │ Admin API
       ▼                                          ▼
┌─────────────┐                            ┌─────────────┐
│   OpenAI    │                            │   OpenAI    │
│     API     │                            │  Admin API  │
└─────────────┘                            └─────────────┘
```

## Requirements

- OpenAI account with API access
- Admin API key with permission to create/delete API keys
- Organization admin access for project-scoped keys (optional)

## Server Setup

### 1. Get Admin API Key

1. Log into [platform.openai.com](https://platform.openai.com)
2. Go to Settings → Organization → API Keys
3. Create an API key with admin permissions
4. Note your Organization ID (if using multi-org)

### 2. Configure Creddy

```bash
creddy backend add openai \
  --admin-key "sk-..." \
  --org-id "org-..."        # optional
  --project-id "proj-..."   # optional default project
```

Or via API:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8400/v1/admin/backends \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "type": "openai",
    "name": "openai",
    "config": {
      "admin_key": "sk-...",
      "org_id": "org-...",
      "project_id": "proj-..."
    }
  }'
```

## Agent Enrollment

```bash
creddy enroll --server http://creddy:8400 --name my-agent \
  --can openai
```

### Scopes

| Scope | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `openai:*` | Full API access |
| `openai:<project_id>` | Access scoped to a specific project |

## Requesting Keys

```bash
# Get an API key
export OPENAI_API_KEY=$(creddy get openai)

# Project-scoped key
export OPENAI_API_KEY=$(creddy get openai --scope "openai:proj_abc123")

# Custom TTL
export OPENAI_API_KEY=$(creddy get openai --ttl 30m)
```

### Using with Python

```python
import os
from openai import OpenAI

# Uses OPENAI_API_KEY from environment
client = OpenAI()

response = client.chat.completions.create(
    model="gpt-4",
    messages=[{"role": "user", "content": "Hello!"}]
)
```

### Using with curl

```bash
curl https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $OPENAI_API_KEY" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"model": "gpt-4", "messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "Hello!"}]}'
```

## Key Lifecycle

### TTL Expiry

When the TTL expires, Creddy automatically deletes the key from OpenAI:

```bash
# Request a 30-minute key
creddy get openai --ttl 30m

# After 30 minutes, the key is deleted from OpenAI
```

### Agent Unenroll

When an agent is unenrolled, all their active OpenAI keys are revoked immediately.

## Security Considerations

- Keep your admin API key secure — it can create/delete any key in your organization
- Use short TTLs for untrusted agents
- Consider separate OpenAI organizations for different trust levels
- Monitor API usage in the OpenAI dashboard

## Troubleshooting

### "Admin API access required"

Your API key needs admin permissions. Create a new key with full access in the OpenAI dashboard.

### "Failed to create API key"

- Verify your admin key is valid
- Check you haven't hit API key limits
- Ensure organization ID is correct (if specified)

## Version History

### v0.1.0 (Latest)
- Initial release
- API key creation and revocation
- Project scoping support
