src/content/integrations/replicated.mdx, before:

# Replicated Integration

Creddy's Replicated integration creates scoped Service Account tokens for the Vendor Portal API. Tokens can be limited to specific applications and channels.

## How It Works

```
┌─────────────┐    creddy get replicated   ┌─────────────┐
│   Agent     │ ─────────────────────────▶ │   Creddy    │
│             │ ◀───────────────────────── │   Server    │
└─────────────┘        token (TTL)         └──────┬──────┘
       │                                          │
       │ replicated CLI                           │ Vendor API
       ▼                                          ▼
┌─────────────┐                            ┌─────────────┐
│ Replicated  │                            │ Replicated  │
│   Vendor    │                            │  Vendor API │
│   Portal    │                            └─────────────┘
└─────────────┘
```

## Requirements

- Replicated Vendor Portal account
- API token with permission to create Service Accounts
- Team admin or owner role

## Server Setup

### 1. Get Admin API Token

1. Log into [vendor.replicated.com](https://vendor.replicated.com)
2. Go to Team Settings → API Tokens (or Service Accounts)
3. Create a token with admin permissions
4. Note your Application ID(s) if you want to scope by default

### 2. Configure Creddy

```bash
creddy backend add replicated \
  --api-token "..." \
  --app-id "app_abc123"   # optional default app
```

Or via API:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8400/v1/admin/backends \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "type": "replicated",
    "name": "replicated",
    "config": {
      "api_token": "...",
      "app_id": "app_abc123"
    }
  }'
```

## Agent Enrollment

```bash
creddy enroll --server http://creddy:8400 --name release-bot \
  --can replicated:app_abc123
```

### Scopes

| Scope | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `replicated:*` | Full Vendor Portal access |
| `replicated:<app_id>` | Access scoped to a specific application |
| `replicated:<app_id>/<channel>` | Access scoped to an app and channel |
| `replicated:<app_id>:read` | Read-only access to application |

## Requesting Tokens

```bash
# Get a token with full access
export REPLICATED_API_TOKEN=$(creddy get replicated)

# App-scoped token
export REPLICATED_API_TOKEN=$(creddy get replicated --scope "replicated:app_abc123")

# Channel-scoped token
export REPLICATED_API_TOKEN=$(creddy get replicated --scope "replicated:app_abc123/Stable")

# Read-only token
export REPLICATED_API_TOKEN=$(creddy get replicated --scope "replicated:app_abc123:read")
```

### Using with Replicated CLI

```bash
# Set the token
export REPLICATED_API_TOKEN=$(creddy get replicated)

# List releases
replicated release ls --app app_abc123

# Create a release
replicated release create --yaml-dir ./manifests --app app_abc123

# Promote to a channel
replicated release promote 123 Stable --app app_abc123
```

### Using in CI/CD

```yaml
# GitHub Actions example
- name: Get Replicated Token
  run: |
    export REPLICATED_API_TOKEN=$(creddy get replicated --scope "replicated:${{ env.APP_ID }}")
    echo "REPLICATED_API_TOKEN=$REPLICATED_API_TOKEN" >> $GITHUB_ENV

- name: Create Release
  run: |
    replicated release create \
      --yaml-dir ./manifests \
      --app ${{ env.APP_ID }} \
      --promote Unstable
```

## Token Lifecycle

### TTL Expiry

When the TTL expires, Creddy deletes the Service Account from Replicated:

```bash
# Request a 30-minute token
creddy get replicated --ttl 30m

# After 30 minutes, the Service Account is deleted
```

### Agent Unenroll

When an agent is unenrolled, all their Replicated Service Accounts are deleted immediately.

## RBAC Policies

The plugin creates Service Accounts with appropriate RBAC based on scope:

| Scope | RBAC Policy |
|-------|-------------|
| `replicated:*` | No explicit policy (team defaults) |
| `replicated:app_id` | App-level admin |
| `replicated:app_id:read` | App-level read |
| `replicated:app_id/channel` | App + Channel admin |
| `replicated:app_id/channel:read` | App + Channel read |

## Common Use Cases

### Release Automation

```bash
# Bot that creates releases to Unstable
creddy enroll --server ... --name release-bot \
  --can replicated:app_abc123/Unstable
```

### Multi-App Access

```bash
# Bot that needs access to multiple apps
creddy enroll --server ... --name multi-app-bot \
  --can replicated:app_abc123 \
  --can replicated:app_def456
```

### Read-Only Monitoring

```bash
# Bot that only reads release status
creddy enroll --server ... --name monitor-bot \
  --can replicated:app_abc123:read
```

## Security Considerations

- Use channel scopes for CI/CD that only promotes to specific channels
- Use `:read` scopes for monitoring and reporting agents
- The admin token can create Service Accounts with any permissions it has
- Service Accounts are visible in the Vendor Portal team settings

## Troubleshooting

### "Failed to create service account"

- Verify your admin token has permission to create Service Accounts
- Check you're a team admin or owner
- Ensure the app ID is correct

### "App not found"

- Verify the app ID exists and you have access
- App IDs are case-sensitive

### Token not working with CLI

- Ensure the token is exported correctly
- Check the RBAC policy grants sufficient permissions
- Try with `--app` flag explicitly

## Version History

### v0.1.0 (Latest)
- Initial release
- Service Account creation with RBAC policies
- App and channel scoping

Commit message:

docs: add coming soon banner to unreleased integrations

src/content/integrations/replicated.mdx, after:

# Replicated Integration

> **🚧 Coming Soon** — This integration is not yet available. Check back soon or [join the waitlist](https://creddy.dev) to be notified when it launches.


Creddy's Replicated integration creates scoped Service Account tokens for the Vendor Portal API. Tokens can be limited to specific applications and channels.

## How It Works

```
┌─────────────┐    creddy get replicated   ┌─────────────┐
│   Agent     │ ─────────────────────────▶ │   Creddy    │
│             │ ◀───────────────────────── │   Server    │
└─────────────┘        token (TTL)         └──────┬──────┘
       │                                          │
       │ replicated CLI                           │ Vendor API
       ▼                                          ▼
┌─────────────┐                            ┌─────────────┐
│ Replicated  │                            │ Replicated  │
│   Vendor    │                            │  Vendor API │
│   Portal    │                            └─────────────┘
└─────────────┘
```

## Requirements

- Replicated Vendor Portal account
- API token with permission to create Service Accounts
- Team admin or owner role

## Server Setup

### 1. Get Admin API Token

1. Log into [vendor.replicated.com](https://vendor.replicated.com)
2. Go to Team Settings → API Tokens (or Service Accounts)
3. Create a token with admin permissions
4. Note your Application ID(s) if you want to scope by default

### 2. Configure Creddy

```bash
creddy backend add replicated \
  --api-token "..." \
  --app-id "app_abc123"   # optional default app
```

Or via API:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8400/v1/admin/backends \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "type": "replicated",
    "name": "replicated",
    "config": {
      "api_token": "...",
      "app_id": "app_abc123"
    }
  }'
```

## Agent Enrollment

```bash
creddy enroll --server http://creddy:8400 --name release-bot \
  --can replicated:app_abc123
```

### Scopes

| Scope | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `replicated:*` | Full Vendor Portal access |
| `replicated:<app_id>` | Access scoped to a specific application |
| `replicated:<app_id>/<channel>` | Access scoped to an app and channel |
| `replicated:<app_id>:read` | Read-only access to application |

## Requesting Tokens

```bash
# Get a token with full access
export REPLICATED_API_TOKEN=$(creddy get replicated)

# App-scoped token
export REPLICATED_API_TOKEN=$(creddy get replicated --scope "replicated:app_abc123")

# Channel-scoped token
export REPLICATED_API_TOKEN=$(creddy get replicated --scope "replicated:app_abc123/Stable")

# Read-only token
export REPLICATED_API_TOKEN=$(creddy get replicated --scope "replicated:app_abc123:read")
```

### Using with Replicated CLI

```bash
# Set the token
export REPLICATED_API_TOKEN=$(creddy get replicated)

# List releases
replicated release ls --app app_abc123

# Create a release
replicated release create --yaml-dir ./manifests --app app_abc123

# Promote to a channel
replicated release promote 123 Stable --app app_abc123
```

### Using in CI/CD

```yaml
# GitHub Actions example
- name: Get Replicated Token
  run: |
    export REPLICATED_API_TOKEN=$(creddy get replicated --scope "replicated:${{ env.APP_ID }}")
    echo "REPLICATED_API_TOKEN=$REPLICATED_API_TOKEN" >> $GITHUB_ENV

- name: Create Release
  run: |
    replicated release create \
      --yaml-dir ./manifests \
      --app ${{ env.APP_ID }} \
      --promote Unstable
```

## Token Lifecycle

### TTL Expiry

When the TTL expires, Creddy deletes the Service Account from Replicated:

```bash
# Request a 30-minute token
creddy get replicated --ttl 30m

# After 30 minutes, the Service Account is deleted
```

### Agent Unenroll

When an agent is unenrolled, all their Replicated Service Accounts are deleted immediately.

## RBAC Policies

The plugin creates Service Accounts with appropriate RBAC based on scope:

| Scope | RBAC Policy |
|-------|-------------|
| `replicated:*` | No explicit policy (team defaults) |
| `replicated:app_id` | App-level admin |
| `replicated:app_id:read` | App-level read |
| `replicated:app_id/channel` | App + Channel admin |
| `replicated:app_id/channel:read` | App + Channel read |

## Common Use Cases

### Release Automation

```bash
# Bot that creates releases to Unstable
creddy enroll --server ... --name release-bot \
  --can replicated:app_abc123/Unstable
```

### Multi-App Access

```bash
# Bot that needs access to multiple apps
creddy enroll --server ... --name multi-app-bot \
  --can replicated:app_abc123 \
  --can replicated:app_def456
```

### Read-Only Monitoring

```bash
# Bot that only reads release status
creddy enroll --server ... --name monitor-bot \
  --can replicated:app_abc123:read
```

## Security Considerations

- Use channel scopes for CI/CD that only promotes to specific channels
- Use `:read` scopes for monitoring and reporting agents
- The admin token can create Service Accounts with any permissions it has
- Service Accounts are visible in the Vendor Portal team settings

## Troubleshooting

### "Failed to create service account"

- Verify your admin token has permission to create Service Accounts
- Check you're a team admin or owner
- Ensure the app ID is correct

### "App not found"

- Verify the app ID exists and you have access
- App IDs are case-sensitive

### Token not working with CLI

- Ensure the token is exported correctly
- Check the RBAC policy grants sufficient permissions
- Try with `--app` flag explicitly

## Version History

### v0.1.0 (Latest)
- Initial release
- Service Account creation with RBAC policies
- App and channel scoping
